
## The Journey Between hist1900c-starter-vault/1-inbox/2-source_notes/@wiegandAmherstMethodOrigins1998SourceNote and website/ImaginedFrustration

- [@wiegandAmherstMethodOrigins1998SourceNote](@wiegandAmherstMethodOrigins1998SourceNote.md)

Upon starting this course, I aimed to view the material under the lens of a Communications and Media Studies student; with the goal of analyzing power dynamics and cultural relationships behind technological developments. While some of my peers preferred the technological side of things, I placed focus on my areas of strength. This source by Wiegand (1998) sparked my desire to inquire these dynamics further, as the article breaks down white centrism in the Dewey Decimal System, as well as how powerful figures have the ability to shape perspective. Dewey's privilege as a white man in a prestigious Christian university allowed him to have sole authority over what literature can be classed as most important, thus leaving out more diverse opinions. 

- #power

Unsuprisingly, Power is the only tag between the first and last stops of this Journey. Since I focused so much on the element of 'who is missing?', the majority of my work centers around the power tag. Power dynamics are splattered everywhere across the History of The Internet course, from women of the ENIAC being replaced as soon as their job becomes masculinized ([@lightWhenComputersWere1999sourcenote](@lightWhenComputersWere1999sourcenote.md)), to Internet cables today prioritizing colonial nations. Those in power can distort the retelling of history at will, leaving out other perspectives to center the spotlight on themselves. Therefore, since so many of my notes orbit the Power tag, I feel I have accomplished my goal in this course, as I become familiar with *who* is historically in control and how they do so. 

- [ImaginedFrustration](ImaginedFrustration.md)

The final stop of my Journey ties together the goals held going into this course, as I question how those marginalized must feel. Throughout the History of the Internet course, themes of power have been explored, more notably in how women and POC's contributions were excluded in academia. This idea note focuses on "The ENIAC Six", or the female engineers behind the ENIAC system, wondering what the aftermath of the talented programmers' replacements were on their end. I wanted to know how they coped with the loss of credit and their jobs, reduced to a brainless secretary as they trained their male replacements. In HIST 1900C, my goal was originally to explore the voices missing in technological developments, and this note marks the culmination of that goal. While there are more notes after this point, I feel that my true Journey stops here - as I come to the realization that there was an *after* for these missing voices, and that they had to live with an unfair power dynamic. Delving into the historical events with a sense of empathy finally allowed me to conclude my Journey in HIST 1900C, however I have resolved to never stop asking how power comes into play in life. 